NEW Get the version for an individual module (#10235)
silverstripe/silverstripe-framework: docs/en/02_Developer_Guides/01_Templates/02_Common_Variables.md

<title>$Title - Bob's Fantasy Football</title>
```

### Disabling the meta generator tag

> The meta generator tag include the current version of `silverstripe/framework`. This version number
> provides aggregate installation numbers to the product team who maintain Silverstripe CMS which is
> used to make informed product decisions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The meta generator tag includes the current version of `silverstripe/framework`. This version number
provides aggregate installation numbers to the product team who maintain Silverstripe CMS which is
used to make informed product decisions.
```

Author: Updated

If it's felt this creates a security concern for your website, then the version portion of the meta

> generator tag can be configured off via

Reviewer 2: "configured off" is a bit confusing, maybe something like this might be clearer
```suggestion
generator tag can be disabled via yaml configuration:
```

Author: Updated

```yml

> SilverStripe\CMS\Model\SiteTree

Reviewer 3: Missing the colon:
 
```suggestion
SilverStripe\CMS\Model\SiteTree:
```

Author: Updated

  show_meta_generator_version: false

> ```

Author: Updated

> ```

Reviewer 4: I would put more emphasis on the "disable everything option" as I expect this will be tho most popular option.

<title>$Title - Bob's Fantasy Football</title>
```

### Disabling the meta generator tag

The meta generator tag includes the current version of `silverstripe/framework`. This version number
provides aggregate installation numbers to the product team who maintain Silverstripe CMS which is
used to make informed product decisions.

> If it's felt this creates a security concern for your website, then the version portion of the meta

Reviewer 4: I would be more circumspection here just to avoid needless spooking out people.

```suggestion
If you dislike this behaviour, then the version portion of the meta
```

generator tag can be disabled via yaml configuration:

```yml
SilverStripe\CMS\Model\SiteTree:
  show_meta_generator_version: false
```

> The entire meta generator tag can be configured off via:

Reviewer 2: For consistency and ease of understanding it may be better to use the same "disabled" language as above.
```suggestion
The entire meta generator tag can be disabled via:
```

Author: Updated
